refactor(Region.java): We no longer have the need to use two different endpoints (#70)
inloco/incognia-api-java: README.md

```java
// to use the BR region
IncogniaAPI api = new IncogniaAPI("your-client-id", "your-client-secret");
```

> Ideally you should use the instance of api as a singleton, so it can correctly generate tokens in the right interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ideally you should use the instance of IncogniaAPI as a singleton, so that it can properly handle token renewal.
```
What do you think?
